


Palmer called to scene.
Did the murderer / somebody call it in? 
Was it somebody at I Inc., was it to taunt or to inform?
If not, who found the body?

Could be an automatic alert? Fitness tracker gone off.


Palmer and Jenjen investigate. They receive the first hint that something is seriously wrong.

Palmer cynicism: "I didnt mean it, yadda yadda. They hope by convincing me they convince the universe."
Jen compassion?

Side story: Palmer notices Jenjen is hiding something.

The specialists arrive, a bardo summons is performed. 
What is the results of the summons? -> It has to be strange or inconclusive as well.

What hints does Palmer have? Where does he continue to investigate?




29-03-2026

Palmer and Jenen at scene.

Palmer finds bounceball, Jenjen explains its use. Introduction to bounce boards. 

What is the hook? Palmer could have a petty reason, such as KPIs. Or, virtuous reaosons.

What is the conflict with the bards? Does the bard scene happen immediately?


The bards could be confused as well. And ask Palmer to do a proper investigation. 
Or, Palmer could, for the first time in a long while, have the ability to do a proper investigation, leveraging regulation that was put into place even though nobody expected it to apply anymore.


possible THEME: laws, their letter and spirit.

Who then has the motivation to engage with the boss? Does JJ push Palmer? 



Either PJ are directly assigned to the case, or they go on their own in internal opposition or defiance. 

Do not simply set up this trope because. The department must work consitently somewhat professionally with their own competency (or lack thereof). If they do not plot-ignore what is there simply so P can take the case.

give sunny a proper character, motivation. dont have him be a simple douche like Jeff from Pshow.
Bards could be a contracting company, have resentment PCP, getting better hourly rates. 

they could be giving "powerpoint presentations" to the guys who do the actual investigation. 


the guy could have encoded his khamma in the board. 
- cracktros could be a way to channel unwholesome khamma / perpetuate something in the morphic/khammic field
- 


J and P watch the board, they / the player see ... : 



04-04-2026:

JJ: "Because you care about the victim, or to piss off your poss?"
"Yes."











About something you said... mechanism.




counterwave





P: So, sonny. Was his karma score fucked or no? He a perdito or no?

Sunny: As I explained to you before, Palmer, the first thing people dont get about /khamma/ is that it is not cosmic credit or balance, but an amagalmation of intentions and mental habits. A pattern that your actions created within the process of your consciousness. If you kill, your bad khamma is not a cosmic number being decreased somewhere, its the fact that you trained your mind that killing , you are reinforcing your tendencies. 

JJ: And once your pattern is reinforcing malevolence, it will spiral towards perdition.

Sunny: Precisely. A katabatēs, or perdito if you will, is someone who has conditioned himself towards evil the point that they are unlikely to change course with each following act.



Sunny: It appears, he was a καταβατής (katabatēs), yes. Meaning, his pattern is devolved to the point that it sustatins a continuous spiral into malevolent 

P: Meaning, was a perdito.

Sunny: By the laws of Paracity, he should have been in a facility. It should be of interest to your department how he avoided detection.



Sunny: We are looking at somebody whose intentions had degraded 

 You need the plants for the morphic field, so the targets intentions 








Kim: The expectations of Asian parents can be stronger forces than cosmic ones at time.