



PJ get called to the scene. 

They discouver the bounce underground, and that something is off about this murder. 

The bards are called in. Sunny is getting strange readings, or the bardo doesnt work at all in some way. 

could show a khammic metre here alrady. Sunny could go "holy shit. Hes a patho. Bound for perdition.

(Khammic meters have allowed us to measure the state of a consciousness, and its tendencies. A path is bound for perdition, and the chance to correct course are infinitesimally small. Human consciousness tends to adhere to patterns, but if there are strict laws, it is beyond our capabilities to simulate them fully. Although the big corpos are trying.)

PJ decide, or are ordered to, follow up on the investigation. 

hook (1): annoyed - intrigued - bullied. Can be different for P/J.

debrief, 2-4 leads: the bounce board, something leading to E? 

who is / are the suspect, who is the murderer?


------------ prologue done. Day done? 

ACT I

First, limited stage of World opens up. We must deepen the mystery, and introduce an intermediate objective, possibly an intermediate villain. 

Meet Kim. Info dump about khamma. Game mechanic for khammic metre? 

Meet Ezra. Info dump about cryostasis & Cs condition. How does cryo fit into the world? 

Meet a friendly Inc. Inc. representative? Get a tour of the offices? Of course, INC/Inc  will happily assist in such a grisley thing.
everything is at your disposal. (But you must understand that sensitive company information must remain off limits.)

The CEO could however not be the main villain. think visible vs Clammy Pete. 

"Well intioned" employees of the managerial class. Corporate mindfulness, Gramsci etc.

Hook (2): 

Investigatin INC/inc with their cooperation here, hitting certain walls and inconsistencies. then, towards the end of the game,
loop back here, to close a circle of sorts. 


ACT II

We open up the world further:
- different sites of INC/inc. ? 

- different domes?





FINALE: 

Mara, PT, PJ, Ezra, C.


PT: fear of death ("the ideology of the inevitability of the death of every individual")
PT found a way to avoid / indefinitely delay khamma. 
Similarity to TNO. 



P: stop gambling / not take a shot / only take a sure shot? 
Ezra: to perdition? 
JJ: 










----------------- PCP --------------------------

the three pillars of PCP: Agility, AI and Intention

Agility: Well into the 2100s, organizatzions used a legacy approach to managing work and teams. PCP is adopting ALO, Agile for Law Enforcement Organizations. 

AI: 

Intention: Khamma

