
Walter Koenig: a character that didn't just articulate the circumstances, but moved the story along (Bester)

"flashy. / why so overloaded."
"Stop being old, Palmer."



revised demo / prologue.


ideas:

pending software update on PCPad
software update with AI-integration fires shortly before boss puzzles
puzzle includes turning off annoying AI features










virtuaverse:
- too constraint within first scences
- main char already super cool from the start
- story hook generic
- arbitrary puzzles not contributing to story or world discovery
- "I know i need to do this, but I cant do this now"
- every npc is a corpse to be walked over in the way of puzzles






hell march/ metal ending




Tying together

- the IH
- Cryostasis
- Mara


Palmer Flaw: resentment, avoidance

1st growth: help E+C 






Working backwards.


Finale: 

Ezra
Jenn
Palmer
Mara
Milton
- Lowspace
- Realspace

In the grand finale, Miltons motif is exposed. He is not doing it for gain, or even amusement, but out of defiance of the new natural order. Incapable of accepting the fact that laws govern over him, he set out to find a way to have consequence free actions.

"Do you not understand? Within the constraints of the khammic order, liberation is impossible. I dont want murder to be unsanctioned. I want the possibility of unsanctioned murder to exist, so that we can choose to abstain from it of our own free will."

"You of all people should understand me, Ezra. What is the freezing of your son, but an uprising? You know your son will not truly die, yet you cling to his incarnation. Perdition is an abomination, hell with the weight of scientific certainty. And I seek to abolish it."

(Why would they protect the murderer, and then murder them.)


"This... ghost is just another emessary of coercion."

There´s a myth dipshits like him are inevitably drawn to (Prometheus).


Ezra accepts perdition, to the surprise of Milton



 Mustaine studies (renegate scholar argues Mustaine was, in fact, not over getting kicked out of Metallica)